Every story has a beginning.
But ours... doesn't start
the way you might think.
Sure. it begins on a street
that looks like most
and with a family that
was. for the most part.
normal. average. ordinary.
It was the morning I convinced
my wife Stephanie to turn
her research trip into
a much-needed family vacation.
While your mom's working.
we'll be out and about exploring Belém.
- Belém?
- It's in Brazil. sweetie.
- Brazil?
- South America. dumb-ass.
Why we have to go right now?
It's not a good time for me and Lucas.
Not a good time?
- You've only been dating for 2 weeks.
- When did you start dating Lucas Fisher?
Just because you Twitter-spy me
doesn't mean that you know everything.
When was the last time we did
something together as a family?
Last month.
You forced us to play charades.
and then you pulled out your back.
miming some scene from Iron Man.
That was an old
sports injury I reaggravated.
No. I mean. when was the last time
we did something as a family?
Yellowstone. three years ago.
- We all got poison Ivy.
- There's no poison Ivy in Brazil. kid.
I just don't know why you
guys can't go without me. and then
Photoshop me in later.
We're all gonna go.
and we're all gonna have
the time of our lives.
Belém. Brazil
That's the plane? Are you kidding?
- It does look a little...
- Like a flying coffin.
Come on. you guys.
Since we've been here.
we have not done one thing together.
You text. you work. and
you stare at the television.
You gotta concentrate.
It's in South American.
For one hour. we are going
to take a sunset tour
of the rainforest
together as a family. because
that's how memories are made.
whether you want them or not!
Hey! The storm really
came out of nowhere. huh?
Don't worry. I've flown
through much worse.
Oh. yeah? When?
Actually. I was just trying
to make you feel better.
This is about as bad
as I've ever been up in.
- Who are you texting now?
- God.
- Where are your life vests?
- Back there!
Hold on!
It's okay. pussycat.
- Are we gonna crash?
- Here.
Okay. kid.
just like space mountain. right?
As soon as Mitch
gets us down safely. son.
you'll be begging me
to go up again. I promise.
That didn't happen
on space mountain.
Mayday. mayday. mayday.
Mom. I'm gonna die. and I
haven't even done it yet!
Listen. listen. we're gonna
be all right. I promise!
Have I ever lied to you before?
- About anything this important?
- Yeah.
Buckle up!
Steph!
Me. too.
At that moment. I couldn't help
wondering how my family got here...
from here...
a time that was.
quite simply. perfect.
And I had never been happier.
But if there is a downside
to your family
being the center
of your entire world...
Toss the rock with dad?
It's that eventually.
all families grow up...
Wanna play some ball with daddy?
Grow apart.
Stephanie barely had time to notice.
Who could blame her?
Her career as a research
scientist had taken off.
Executive vice president
of research.
And I was happy for her.
But I missed...
us.
We were all living under
the same roof.
But in different worlds.
And I was all alone in mine.
So that's how we got here.
And this...
this was the beginning.
Hold on!
Oh. my God!
Brace for impact!
Dad!
Mom!
Fortunately. we all
survived. Jim. the pilot!
- Jim. the pilot!
- Mitch!
Unfortunately.
our pilot wasn't as lucky.
We held each other close...
Vowing a new beginning to things...
Sincere...
Heartfelt promises...
Just shoot me an e-mail.
and I will see you first thing
in the morning. Bye.
J.J.. remember. your
report's due tomorrow.
and. Daphne. you need to
find your basketball uniform.
Sorry.
That was Katie from the lab.
You okay?
Guess it was crazy to think
the trip would change anything.
I know you want us to have
some great family moments. but...
Come on. we survived
a plane crash together.
Talk about a memory
that lasts a lifetime.
Yeah. it's work. It can wait.
How about dinner tomorrow night?
No cell phones. No urgent e-mails.
Just a nice bottle of wine
and a few hours to remind us.
Of what?
How great we are together.
Know what I was really thinking
when that plane was going down?
"I should have flown commercial"?
The world needs her...
I mean. who she is. what she does.
I mean. Stephanie matters.
And me?
Who am I?
A failed painter?
Ineffectual police artist?
Guy who won't shut up
when I'm trying to hit?
Look. have you tried...
radical idea...
- just telling her how you feel?
- How are you supposed to tell someone
that you've been
living separate lives?
I am no expert on marriage.
as my last two wives will attest.
but...
here.
- A divorce attorney?
- Oh. that's the wrong card.
I'm sorry about that.
Sorry.
Couple's therapist?
Both my ex-wives
begged me to see him.
That and hating me were the only
two things they had in common.
Now had I listened.
maybe I wouldn't
have needed this card.
Maybe you won't either.
Ma'am. the more details you give me.
- the better sketch I can draw.
- I don't see the point.
I already told the detectives
I couldn't see his face.
He was wearing a mask.
Of president Obama. I know.
But if you can remember anything...
hair color. eye color.
See. I can create a composite
which I can give to the detectives.
Now it's not gonna
bring your husband back.
but it might help
save somebody else's.
We opened that jewelry store
with money from my father.
Why don't we take a little break?
Powell.
Cho.
Detective Cho.
Day after day.
facing people you know
you just can't help.
How do you do it?
By not asking myself that question.
Crime's up.
It's as bad as I've seen it.
Wish more people around here
cared as much as you do.
Gun! Gun!
- You all right?
- Yeah. You?
The bullet... where'd it go?
Hey. hey. You all right?
I just need some fresh air.
No Ordinary People presents...
Season 1 episode 1
Pilot
Akiha. Arsenic. delphiki. etig.
Hellwerine. jeminicriquet.
qelul2. rohh2o
www.u-sub.net
In the morning. there's that second
just before you wake up
when the world hasn't pressed
itself in on your chest.
before you remember your work
or the husband you
can't connect with
or the kids you fear
you'll disappoint.
But what I woke up to that morning
was something very different.
What I woke up to was a
man i hadn't seen in years.
Beautiful day?
Want me to close this?
I've been... Meaning to fix that.
Though Jim seemed different.
i barely had time to wonder why.
And truth is. I barely
had any time at all.
Between work and home. there weren't
enough hours in the day.
J.J.'S meets the counselor at 3:00.
but they might move it to 2:00
Be on call just in case.
Anybody who wants a ride. now we go.
Eggs right here!
I will see you later. J.J.
Daph...
Are you okay?
I can tell there's
something on your mind.
About Lucas or the plane crash?
We had a near-death experience.
It's bound to change you.
That whore!
Or not.
- Hi. baby. Excuse me.
- Daphne. you're back.
Just in time. too. apparently.
I'm glad that you survived.
Memorial assemblies
are depressing.
I know. I remember the
one we had for your virginity.
What was it. like two years ago?
See ya.
- I'm so glad you're back.
- Me. too.
- How are you?
- Better now.
I'll hook up with you later. okay?
Nice view.
I can't tell what's cuter...
The fact that Lucas has no
idea Lindsay's hitting on him.
or that he's too into me to see it.
The board's waiting for
you in the conference room.
I'm having dinner with Jim. and I forgot
to make reservations. Could you?
- Someplace...
- Romantic.
Where they won't give the table
away if I'm late.
But amid the untold
natural resources
of the Amazon basin. we
have uncovered perhaps
the crown jewel...
the trilsetum coronis.
A plant?
You're wasting the
board's time on a plant?
Carbon-14 dating traces
the trilsetum coronis
back to the Pleistocene epoch.
and as we know. that was the...
I stand corrected. You're wasting
the board's time on a really old plant.
Dr. Chiles... You'll get your turn to
waste the board's time.
Indeed.
Continue. Dr. Powell.
Our facilities in belém
are already experimenting
with practical applicatis
across our divisions...
pharmaceuticals. papers. green fuel.
I'd bet money there is
nothing this plant can't do.
I wanna buy out the whole place.
One hour.
- And I want you to take a break.
- I'm not allowed to leave you here...
For more than an hour.
Come on.
- Dr. King.
- Stephanie.
- I've been looking for you.
- Sorry. I had to...
- Step out for a second.
- No. No need to be defensive.
I'm not that much of a taskmaster?
Don't answer that.
At least not honestly.
No. the reason I was looking for you
is I have some good news.
The chairman's intrigued.
- By?
- You.
Your very old plant. specifically.
He's flying in tonight.
wants an in-depth
presentation over drinks.
Drinks?
A social custom commonly
enjoyed between adults.
He wants to fund your research.
Don't fracture anything
jumping for joy.
- Can't wait.
- We'll leave from here.
If this is a surprise party.
I'd say that the
turnout's a bit depressing
It's something I got to show you.
Watch this.
You know. I'm no hideki matsui.
but it might be a little easier
if you actually used a bat.
Oh. you've been taking magic classes
at the learning annex?
It's not magic classes.
I think we're stepping over the line.
Where did you get that?
Precinct supply closet.
Surprisingly poor lock.
- What do you need that for?
- I don't. You do.
I need you to shoot me.
Date night's
not looking so promising.
- Chairman's in town. and he...
- No. that's fine.
I will get home as soon as I can.
We'll grab some takeout.
light some candles.
- and still have our night.
- Absolutely.
- Let's do this.
- I can't believe I'm gonna kill you.
You're not gonna kill me. George.
- You're just gonna shoot me.
- I am a D.A.. and according to the law.
- kinda the same thing.
- I told you. I did this yesterday.
- I have to see if I can do it again.
- What if you can't?
Where does that leave us?
You dead and me showering with a bunch
of guys I wish I hadn't put away.
Something extra ordinary's
happening to me.
Something impossible.
I need your help to
figure out what it is.
Please?
Just aim...
And fire.
I'm not...
Dr. Powell.
Dr. King left a message...
Said to meet them at
the chairman's hotel.
And I'd take
the freeway if I were you.
Streets are a mess this time of day.
And that's when it happened.
In the world of science. we call it
an unexplained phenomenon.
An occurrence so...
Random and bizarre.
it defies explanation.
And in a life short on time.
i suddenly found myself...
Fast.
For the next few weeks. I did my best
to act as if nothing had changed.
I'd kiss my family good-bye.
counting the minutes
till I could meet George
to write the owner's
manual for my new ride.
- Most of them can fly.
- I can't fly.
- How many can catch bullets even?
Just take a running jump.
Get a head of steam. all right?
And you just think like
something that can fly.
That's easy for you to say.
but if this doesn't work. I'm road kill.
From the guy that begged me to
shoot him the other day. Huh.
All right.
You can't fly!
George!
But you can jump.
You can jump!
I wasn't sure what was happening
with Jim.
You all right?
But I had to share my new abilities
with someone...
a peer.
Someone who had
the scientific capacity
to understand
what was happening to me.
Can I talk to you in confidence?
My God. You're firing me.
Are you firing me?
Admittedly.
I might have chosen better.
I'm not firing you.
- Good.
- This is about me.
Are you gonna tell me something
personal like we're best friends.
even though I'm just your lab tech?
'Cause that would validate
everything I've been
working on in therapy.
You know that superhero thingy
you keep
- in your cubicle downstairs?
- Kitty Pryde.
She's my favorite x-man.
X-woman. technically.
I'm fast.
I can't believe I'm here...
doing this.
Accepting this.
How does your body cut
through the wind shear?
Why doesn't the coulomb
friction singe your clothes!
Are you generating some
kind of charged
plasma field
from the kinetic energy?
Is that why incoming
debris isn't sandblasting
off your corneas?
How'd I do?
You are doing a mile
every 6 seconds.
I thought I was faster than that.
My God! The Olympics.
You should totally enter.
Where are they this year?
Korea? They're always in Korea.
I'm not interested in the Olympics.
- What are you interested in?
- Making time.
Thanks to your increased
metabolic rate.
your life is like a
never-ending spin class.
So despite the need for
massive caloric intake.
you're gonna be a size zero
for the rest of your life.
- I hate you.
- My gosh.
It's already 3:00.
I've gotta.
well.
run.
Mom.
What are you doing down here?
I told you I would make some time
to help with your schoolwork.
What do we have here?
Math.
"If a bullet train leaves New York
going 350 miles per hour..."
I think I can help you on this one.
Here's what we know so far.
You can jump just over
a quarter mile in a single leap.
A single what?
Fine. Single bound.
No discernible increase
in foot speed.
However.
you can lift just in the area of
11.000 pounds...
And you can catch bullets.
Have you. talked to Steph about this.
tell her what you can do?
She's your wife.
You have to bring her into this cone
of silence. What is that?
What are you doing
with a police scanner?
I have these abilities. I should be
using them for something. right?
Like... stopping these
psychos in Obama masks.
- killing innocent people.
- Hold on.
All we have learned so far is that
we have a lot to learn.
You're special.
but you're not invincible.
I don't know if you're vincible.
- Hold on. It's Stephanie.
- Tell her.
Hello?
I finished work.
I tutored J.J.. and...
- It isn't even 4:00 yet.
- And I can jump a quarter of a mile.
I'm... moving kind of fast today.
Anyway. the kids aren't here. and...
Remember what we'd do sometimes
when we both had a free afternoon?
It's nice to remember
we're good at that.
That's a nice thing to be good at.
You seem different to me.
Me?
I thought that about you.
You have?
Jim. how could I not notice?
You seem...
Happy.
What?
My life wasn't turning
out the way I'd hoped.
Meanwhile. you were running around.
living your dreams.
I was
running...
so much that I was falling
short at everything.
Falling short?
Honey...
Who could keep up with you?
You couldn't.
because you stopped trying.
We both stopped trying.
You wanna know what's going on
with your daughter?
She's afraid she's gonna lose
her boyfriend
to a girl that'll sleep with him
because she's not ready to yet.
And J.J....
he's struggling with school
because the school wants to
put him in remedial classes.
But you won't accept the fact
that your son has a learning disability.
Now you may have known
all these things
if you were home for more
than 20 minutes a night.
I guess it's the dream of everyone
to work 80 hours a week
to support a family.
Guess what? You got your wish.
Obama mask.
Robbery in progress. You're on.
Okay. Perp...
"Perp". I like that.
Perp headed north on 12th and fig.
I have to go.
I'm on top of the Simonson building
heading north. Which way now?
It's a left.
Are you sure you don't wanna use
the freeway route?
- 'Cause it looks much faster.
- I'm not worried about traffic.
You're going away for a long time.
Help me. George.
I've been shot.
You're awake.
You had some blood loss.
but the bullet didn't penetrate too far.
- We sewed you up...
- "We"?
- No.
- Do tell me.
Where was I supposed to take you.
to the hospital?
And explain
why a large-caliber bullet
only penetrated a quarter of an inch
through your scalp?
But she'll never understand
what's happening to me.
I think you'll be surprised.
Remember the sketch of me
in your studio?
The one you Drew on our first date?
You two are freaky.
But how?
I've been racking my brain.
and the only possible variable...
- Plane crash.
- It's the only explanation.
And when our plane went down.
the water had a...
phosphorescence.
At the time. I thought
it was gasoline from the plane.
But gas floats on water.
This didn't.
It's the only thing that makes sense
if any of this makes any sense.
But... we were all in the water.
Hello?
Daphne?
Calm down. honey. Where are you?
I called dad.
He has a headache.
He's home resting.
I usually talk to
him about this sort of thing.
I know.
Before the game.
I was on the court
with Emily.
Are you not gonna
say something to her?
She was all over Lucas the entire time
you were in Mexico.
Or wherever.
This is a boyfriend problem?
Wait.
- Stay away from Lucas.
- He was talking to me.
It took me a year
to get Lucas to notice me.
Maybe if weren't so concerned
with losing Lucas.
- you'd notice that you already have.
- What do you mean?
You're so clueless. I can't believe I
actually feel bad for you.
Bad for me? Why?
I didn't say anything.
Then the game started.
She's not gonna pass.
She never passes to me.
This game blows. I need a drink.
I wasn't hearing my thoughts.
I was hearing theirs.
You probably think I'm
losing my mind.
No. no. I actually believe
every word.
There's something
I need to tell you.
Something extraordinary
has happened...
is happening to us.
and you may be
experiencing things. too.
that you don't even
understand entirely.
- J.J.?
- This is unbelievable.
My whole family gets
dipped in some super water.
and all I get... is wet.
So you haven't been...
No. dad. I haven't.
I am still plain old J.J...
- The dumb one.
- Don't say that. kiddo.
- It's true.
- Can we just stop talking about this?
You're telepathic.
We should talk about it.
It happened to me only once.
so as far as I'm concerned.
I'm in the same boat as J.J.
just as boring as I was last week.
Daphne. I can help you. The
more we begin to understand
- about our abilities...
- I don't want new abilities!
High School is hard enough as it is!
Why are we having
this meeting anyway?
So you two can convince yourselves
that you're different?
'Cause you can catch bullets
and you can run fast?
That's enough.
We go on vacations to reconnect.
Why would we wanna
connect in the first place?
To watch mom stress about work?
Or watch dad mope around like
he lost a winning lottery ticket?
Even J.J.. that idot. can see it!
That's it!
Go to your room right now!
All the trips and all the
talks couldn't save this family
because this family isn't broken!
You two are!
She's right. isn't she?
What's this?
We got lucky here. Witness saw
- this guy fleeing at police pursuit.
- I haven't heard.
I already run him.
Guy's name is Reed Koblenz.
He jump here last month
from Michigan.
And this woman named Sally Down
is supposed to???
We got a lead.
Nice work. pal!
Having trouble say goodbye.
I thought I just taggle on.
As backup?
I like the enthusiasm. Leave the crime
fight to the one of us with guns.
I don't know what's going on off
on the yard now.
Still all of us.
What's wrong.
I'll be fine.
Probably some post traumatic stress
from the crash.
I really glad I came here.
Feel nice.
I need to get out here.
I supposed to meet Emily in an hour.
- What?
- I didn't say anything.
Emily. my best friend?
- What about her?
- You supposed to meet up with her.
No. What you mean?
How did she know that?
Why are you seeing Emily?
Did Emily tell to her?
You're sleeping with her!
She's like your best friend!
Not that...
I'm so stupid!
You said you were okay to wait.
I am. Of course I am.
Thanks for telling me
how you really feel.
I appreciate your honesty.
Come on. Daph.
How the hell did she know all that?
Ms. Downs. I'm Detective Cho.
This is Detective Hixon.
If it's not too much trouble.
we'd like to ask you a few questions.
- About?
- Your former boyfriend. Reed Koblenz.
Reed? I haven't seen him
since I posted his bail.
If you find him.
tell him he owes me 2 grand.
If he attempts any
contact. please let us know.
Koblenz?
Pack everything up. then disappear.
This one is my insurance policy.
Remembering when
we used to be normal?
- You okay?
- I'm fine. Just... wanna be alone.
I know I haven't always
been there for you. but...
I'm here now.
Did it happen again?
I was with Lucas.
And when I looked in his eyes.
I could read his thoughts.
He's sleeping with Emily.
- That bitch.
- I know. right?
And he said he loved me...
That he would wait for me.
Why would he say it
if it wasn't true?
It's not fair. I can't
be a virgin and a freak.
What's going on?
Talking about your new
cool powers.
Keep me updated
on the costume design.
J.J.. stop.
We're a family no
matter what happens to us
or what doesn't happen to us.
Nothing's gonna change
that. You understand?
I think I liked us better
when we were just dysfunctional.
Let her go.
If I let her go.
she wouldn't make a very
good hostage. now would she?
I'm warning you.
You don't have a partner
here this time to stop me.
Who says I ever did?
You thought you were the only one.
Last time we met. I didn't kill you.
But then again. I shot
you from 4 feet away.
Don't you know?
You and me. we are not alone...
What are you doing here. Powell?
Trying to be some sort of hero? I...
Get outta here now. before you're
answering questions from I.A.
I'm home.
Jim?
We need to talk.
You may have felt like
you couldn't keep up.
but while I was racing
to be the perfect spouse.
the perfect parent...
You were it.
You were extraordinary before
you could ever catch a bullet.
Maybe it's taken something crazy
to make us thankful for what we have.
Promise me.
No more bullets.
No more crime fighting.
'Cause in a way. I feel like
I'm just getting you back.
I promise.
You have 20 minutes to solve
the equation I've written on the board.
Solve for "x" and make
sure you show all your work.
- Dude. you study for this?
- Why bother?
You may begin now.
What are you doing. man?
What did you do?
You've got a new hobby now.
My brother knows a guy.
You need blu-ray anything...
- So you turned your garage into...
- That's right.
What every secret
crime fighter needs...
a lair... with Wi-Fi.
I have a lair... With Wi-Fi.
I know it's quite a story.
but you asked us how
we got here. so...
Did I leave anything out?
No. I think you hit
all the highlights.
So?
What do you think. Dr. Allen?
I think...
We've...
got our work cut out for us.
Might suggest we start with...
Twice a week?
- Sure.
- Sounds great. We want this to work.
not just for us but...
for our family.
The problems we face
may no longer be ordinary.
but then again...
Neither are we.
I see you've found Koblenz.
Find out who knows about him.
And then take care of it.